Feature/dx 1195 rename payments (#687)
SwedbankPay/developer.swedbankpay.com: index.md

      </div>
      <div class="{{ card_col_class }}">
        {% include card.html
            title='Payment Instruments'
            title_type="h2"

>             text='Payments gives you a one-by-one integration with more

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            text='Payment Instruments gives you a one-by-one integration with more
```
